Introducing the Enterprise plan (#991)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/vanity-nameservers.markdown

You can configure vanity name servers on your domain(s) in DNSimple by visiting the <label>DNS</label> tab on the domain's management page and clicking <label>Configure name servers</label> on the <label>Vanity name servers</label> card.

<info>

> Vanity name servers are available as an option on [our Enterprise tier](https://dnsimple.com/pricing) or for [Master resellers](https://dnsimple.com/reseller). If you aren't subscribed to one of these plans, we'll prompt you to upgrade your plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vanity name servers are available as an option on [our Enterprise tier](https://dnsimple.com/pricing). Please contact sales for more information.
```

Author: Thanks. I've also added a link to the "Please contact sales for more information." bit
